{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf330
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 AppleSymbols;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green192\blue3;\red0\green19\blue255;\red255\green3\blue0;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid0\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}}{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs68 \cf0 \ul \ulc0   Breakaway
\b0\fs28 \ulnone v1.75b\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 System Requirements:
\b0 \
\'95 MacOS X 10.3.x or later\
\'95 iTunes 7.0.1 or later\
\'95 Keyboard and Mouse
\f1 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \ul Version History:\ulnone \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 (see "devs log")\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs34 \cf0 \ul Known Problems:\ulnone \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\fs28 \cf0 VLC Plugin is slow
\f1 \
\
\
\pard\qc

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Getting Started\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \

\fs40 What it is:
\b0\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 This program automatically stop/start iTunes depending on the headphone jack status\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Example
\fs32 :
\b0\fs28 \
	 You start iTunes \cf2 playing\cf0  with headphones in jack\
	 \
	 Headphones are \cf3 pulled\cf0  from jack\
	\cf4  \cf0 Breakaway tells iTunes to \cf4 stop\cf0  music\
             \
	 Headphones are \cf3 plugged\cf0  back in\
	 Breakaway tells iTunes to \cf2 resume\cf0  play\

\fs24 \

\b\fs40 Try it out:
\fs32 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Start iTunes and take in and out your headphones. Then experiment putting in your headphones while iTunes is playing. Notice that it is created to automatically play when the headphones are plugged in! (this functionality can be turned off in preferences)
\fs24 \
\
\pard\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Capabilities\
\pard\qc

\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone All Macs:
\b0  Breakaway now functions with every resent Apple laptop, including the Macbook Pro.
\b \ul \
\ulnone Enable/Disable:
\b0  Allows you to temporarily disable the application. Available via the menu extra menu.\

\b Mute key functionality:
\b0  Makes the mute button act as a pause/play button.\

\b Growl capable:
\b0  If you use Growl (http://growl.info/), you can have notifications sent when the jack is connected, disconnected, and more.\

\b Auto-Updating:
\b0  Updates and installs all on it's own! Utilizes Sparkle to automate the whole update process.
\b\fs56 \ul \
\pard\qc

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Preferences\
\pard\qc

\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs40 \cf0 \ul Opening the preference window\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone {\listtext	\'95	}If you have the menu item enabled, click on it and navigate to the preference button\
{\listtext	\'95	}If you do not have the menu item enabled, find the Breakaway.app file and double click it again. This will bring the preference window forward.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}
\b0 If you have the Dock icon enabled, you can use the standard menu bar to navigate to Preferences
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul Preferences\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs36 \cf0 General Detail
\fs40 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Modes
\fs36 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Attempt to guess mode:
\b0  Breakaway will try to guess what mode you 
\i want
\i0  to be in. Based on the conditions of which you alter iTunes, Breakaway dynamically updates the mode to keep up with your habits, so you don't have to flip between modes or disable Breakaway when you change listening styles. Recommended to keep on, unless you like to stay in a definite mode.\

\fs24 \

\b\fs28 Headphones mode:
\b0  Breakaway will only start/stop iTunes taking into account iTune's playing status and the headphone jack status. Breakaway will make sure that iTunes will only play when the headphones are plugged in, and will stop when pulled out. More complex actions, like plugging in when volume muted, are all taken into account. Disabling this will switch to normal mode, where the jack status has no influence.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Resume
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Resume play on reinsert: 
\b0 When the headphones are plugged back in, iTunes is resumed. This option is added for those who want to manually resume iTunes themselves. If this option is off, it acts like an iPod would when the headphones are disconnected.\
\

\b Fade-in power:
\b0  If you are using the fade-in option, this determines how fast you want to fade in. If you do not wish to use the fade in feature, switch the Power Level to 0.\
\

\b Test Fade-in:
\b0  Press this button if you want to test your current fade-in settings. Works best if iTunes is playing.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Interface
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Show menu item:
\b0  Enable the menu item. Shows visually the status of the jack and Breakaway.\
\

\b Show in Dock:
\b0  Labels Breakaway as an application and places it in the Dock when running. The application must be restarted for changes to take effect. \
\

\b Show splash on startup:
\b0  Displays the splash image when the program starts.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Behavior
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Force-open iTunes:
\b0  If iTunes is not open, it will be opened if jack is plugged/unplugged\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Automatic Update\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Check for new versions every alloted time period. Possible choices are: Never, On launch, Daily, Weekly.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Check for updates:
\b0  Click on this button if you want to check for updates immediately.\

\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul >Plugins Detail
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
The left table houses all plugins installed and loaded. Selecting an item on the left reveals it's contents on the right table. If the plugin is designed to be created multiple times, you can add/remove instances of the plugin with the +/- buttons at the bottom of the screen. Plugins' options are found by opening the info drawer (the "i" button). \
\
If you want to add/delete plugins, click on the button under the left table. This will open a window to the plugin directory. Simply add/delete plugins like you would any other file: drag it to Trash.\
\

\b\fs40 \ul >AppleScript Plugin
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Basics
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
The check box on the table is for enabling/disabling the trigger\
Highlighting a trigger places it in the editing drawer for modification\
\
All triggers are saved automatically for your convenience   \
\

\b\fs30 \ul >>Creation/Destruction
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
Making a new trigger: Hit the plus button (+) in the lower left portion of the screen\
\
Deleting a trigger: Hit the minus button (-) in the lower left portion of the screen\
			  Hit the delete button (
\f2 \uc0\u9003 
\f0 ) on your keyboard\

\b\fs30 \ul >>Editing Options\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone To begin editing a trigger, highlight the trigger you wish to edit, then hit the info button (
\f3 \uc0\u8505 
\f0 ) to reveal the editing drawer.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 May activate in:
\b0  The mode that the trigger will be accessed in. If you don't know what mode you want to be in, select both.\
\

\b Execute when:
\b0  The action that the trigger will execute off of.\
\

\b Script:
\b0  The AppleScript that will be executed on the trigger\
	\
	Drag the AppleScript file right into the box.\
	\
	If the script cannot be found, the text will be red. When the script is this color, the trigger is invalid, and therefore cannot be enabled. Attempts to enable an invalid trigger are futile. \
	\
	Remember, if you load your trigger with a script, and then move the script to a different location, you will have to go back and reassign the script in its new location.\
\

\b Load immediately:
\b0  Scripts are loaded before they are needed to minimize execution delay. If your script calls on an application (like iChat or iTunes), and that application is not open at the time of compiling, it will open. If you don't want that script precomplied, disable this option. The script will then be loaded when it is needed, with a possible and probable delay. \
	You may also want to disable this for some scripts if you have a lot of triggers. It is always best to disable this option for scripts that aren't time sensitive. \

\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs30 \cf0 \ul >>Trigger Ideas\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Triggers are very powerful; they draw their mythical power from Applescript, so anything that can be done with Applescript, can be done  with Breakaway. "By the power of Grey Skull!", you say, "what on Earth could I do with all this power? I need some ideas!". Well, there are quite a few things you could do with triggers.\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Quick-logout when the headphones are pulled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Activate screensaver when headphones are pulled\
{\listtext	\'95	}Setup a super trigger to handle all your media players (might be slow to execute though)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Change status of your chat client when you pull headphones\
{\listtext	\'95	}Different functionality for when you hit mute with headphones mode and normal mode\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}For example, when headphones mode is on, have mute hide all windows except for your text editor, so you can focus on that one critical sentence in on your paper. Tap it again and continue with the fluff writing with all your source materials back.\
{\listtext	\'95	}When it's in normal mode, have mute hide all your windows, so you can think about what you need to do next.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Use it as a security feature. Have an alarm go off with the volume all the way off. If someone walks by and tries to mute the volume (for they can't find the alarm app), have the computer Quick logout.\
{\listtext	\'95	}Use it as a productivity tool. Someone trying to talk to you? Hit the mute key, and all your applications are hidden by a big black screen and your music is paused. Hit it again and you are back to working. \
\
Now you can proudly claim, "I HAVE THE POWER!!!!!!!"
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul >VLC Plugin\
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Just follow the instructions in the preferences drawer. It is slow, I know, but there really isn't much I can do about it. If you want to do something about it, go talk to the VLC devs and tell them to implement the following:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}playpause AppleScript command\
\pard\tx220\tx740\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li660\fi-660\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}playerstatus AppleScript command (preferably global notifications)
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul >Advanced Detail
\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 SmartPlay:
\b0  Only effects Normal Mode. When this option is on, it prevents Breakaway from playing iTunes should the system be muted, or other foolish things that may happen. Turning this option off will give a direct 1:1, button hit = iTunes play/pause. Change this if you need it like this for some reason.\
\

\b Smart Tracker (Apphit):
\b0   AppHit keeps track of who started playing itunes. When enabled, AppHit makes sure that it will only turn iTunes on if it touched it last. For example, if iTunes is not playing (you paused it), and you go to plug in your headphones, AppHit will make sure that iTunes does not turn on. Turning this option off makes Breakaway more annoying.\

\b \
Preserve original volume:
\b0  If you choose to use to use the fade-in option, you can choose to have the volume of iTunes go back to it's original volume level. If this is turned off, the volume of iTunes will fade-in to 100%, every time.\
\

\b Mute key functionality:
\b0  Allows the mute key to pause iTunes. When struck, iTunes will pause. Another strike will unmute and resume iTunes.\
In addition, if the system volume is brought below the lowest setting, iTunes will be paused. Raising the volume again to an audible level will resume iTunes. \
\

\b Audio-Flow Check:
\b0   With this option on, a check will be made to make sure that you don't have any audio playing anywhere else (Quicktime movie, VLC, Internet, etc). If audio is found playing, Breakaway will not start iTunes playing again (assuming it passed all the other checks). This option is disabled by default because it is somewhat notorious for being wrong if the calls are pressed in rapid succession. This is because the audio device is just too slow to keep up with the user. Nevertheless, I have included the option should you want it.\
\

\b Proc throwout time:
\b0  The delay between procs (what is executed upon jack in/out and un/mute). Defaulted at 0.1 second. Change if you want every proc counted, or longer if you want it longer for some reason.\
\

\b Multichannel Mute:
\b0  This preference is auto-determined at the start of the program. Some computers mix the channels of their mute, so this preference is here so that we know where we need to tack a listener on. Recommended do not edit!\

\fs24 \

\b\fs28 AppHit:
\b0  This preference changes constantly during operation of the program. This little preferences lets you know who touched iTunes last. Recommended do not edit!
\fs24 \
\
\pard\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Frequently Asked Questions
\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 This application does not work for me at all:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Check the list below and then try to use the application:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Make sure that Breakaway is enabled (you may have accidently disabled it)\
{\listtext	\'95	}Make sure that you are under the correct mode for how you use Breakaway (headphones or normal)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If you are unsure of what mode to use, I strongly encourage you to use "Attempt to guess mode" [General]\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Make sure that you fall within the "programming assumption" (Default sound output is "Line out", "Internal Speakers", "Built-in audio", or something of the like)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls4\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}If you aren't under this assumption, then Breakaway probably won't work for you. You can e-mail me and we can try to talk through your audio setup and try to make it work.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Breakaway used to work for me, but now it doesn't?:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 This seems to be a frequent problem. Take these steps (in order) to make Breakaway work again.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Quit iTunes, then run it again (assuming Breakaway is running)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Stop Breakaway\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Stop iTunes\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Run Breakaway\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Run iTunes\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Stop Breakaway (iTunes can be running if you want)\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li1440\fi-1440\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls5\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Delete the preference file (~/Library/Preferences/com.AllocInit.Breakaway.plist OR /Library/Preferences/com.AllocInit.Breakaway.plist).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Start Breakaway\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 iTunes does not resume when I plug my headphones back in:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Make sure you have "Resume play on reinsert" enabled. If it still doesn't work after that, follow the steps above.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 I enabled "Mute key functionality", but when I press the mute button, nothing happens (or it only works sometimes):\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 If you are using Breakaway only for it's mute button functionality, turn off "Headphones mode". This will allow you to use the mute key functionality only.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 How do I install the application?:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Simply drag the Breakaway.app file anywhere on your hard disk.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 How do I uninstall the application?:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls6\ilvl0
\b0\fs28 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Place the Breakaway.app file (located wherever you installed it) into the trash\
{\listtext	\'95	}Place the preference file `com.AllocInit.Breakaway' into the trash (located in ~/Library/Preferences/ or /Library/Preferences/)\
{\listtext	\'95	}If the file ./Application Support/Breakaway/ exists, delete it\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 What does that little tilde (~) represent in the file paths?:
\b0\fs28 \
That's just shorthand for your user home folder, or /Users/YOURNAME/\
\

\b\fs36 I have a really good plugin that I think should be packaged in every build:
\b0\fs28 \
Great! Just send me an e-mail with the plugin, and I'll have a look at it.\
\

\b\fs36 Wait, did you just say VLC support?:
\b0\fs28 \
Yes, I did. You have to enable it yourself though. Just follow the steps in the info box in the plugin window and you should be good to go.\
\

\b\fs36 Could you please, please support *insert media playing application here*?:
\b0\fs28 \
It's possible, but highly improbable unless there is a good reason. The more applications that are supported through hard code, the slower everything will be. Breakaway was meant to be for iTunes (and as you can see, it is lightning fast). But that doesn't mean I'm going to throw you out on the street. Plugins were made so you could add your own functionality. Drop me an email if you need help developing a plugin for your application.\
\

\b\fs36 I know you won't *insert native language here* localization because you hate me! Why do you hate me!?:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 I don't hate you, I just don't know your language. I love *insert your country here*, but I just haven't had the time to learn the language. You are more than welcome to localize if you want to; all you need is Interface Builder (or a text editor). You could be the hero of *insert your country here*! Email me for more details on being a localizer!\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 I would like a certain feature added OR I found a problem:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Please email me with your idea or the problem you are experiencing. I will do my best to try and implement/fix your feature/problem. See below for contact information.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 I am a developer and would like to see your source code. Now.:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Go to SourceForge.net and search for Breakaway ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://sourceforge.net/projects/breakaway"}}{\fldrslt http://sourceforge.net/projects/breakaway}}).\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Do you need help with development?:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Yea, sure! I always use a hand. Just drop me an email.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Do you try to write serious FAQs?:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Do or do not, there is no try.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Word from the creator
\f1\b0\fs28 \ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 Breakaway was developed for people like me who need to get up and do something really fast, then come back and resume music.  If you would like to support me in another way, I encourage feedback. Nothing warms my heart more than a thank you note saying that you enjoy my application. This application took a long time to develop, so if you really enjoy this application, donations are greatly appreciated and encourage me to keep my software free.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\b\fs32 \cf0 Contact Information\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\fs28 \cf0 Name: 
\b0 Kevin Nygaard
\b \
Email: 
\b0 balthamos89@gmail.com\

\b AIM:
\b0  balthamos89
\f1 \
\pard\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul Disclaimer\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone If my program (Breakaway) destroys, harms, incinerates any part of you, your computer, your dog, or anything that you or someone else owns, I take no responsibility. 
\b \ul USE AT YOUR OWN RISK.
\b0 \ulnone  Should any other third-part applications not made by me (Balthamos) cause Breakaway to work in a destructive manner, I take no responsibility. If you did not download Breakaway from balthamos.awardspace.net or from MacUpdate.com, delete the program; I take no responsibility for what it might do.\
\
And please don't steal anything off my program unless I tell you that you can. It takes hard work to create a program and on top of that I'm giving it to you for free! So if you want a part of it, or the complete source, simply e-mail me.\
\
*NOTE* If there are any discrepancies between the GPL and what I wrote above, always go with the GPL states.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\b\fs56 \cf0 \ul License\
\pard\ql\qnatural

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Breakaway is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.\
\
Breakaway is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of\
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.\
\
You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with Breakaway.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.}